Translation corrections (#143)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/some_013.txt

//r全身を押しつぶすような恐怖と、不安に耐え切れずに私は、…あと数段を残す場所で足を、止めてしまう。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "全身を押しつぶすような恐怖と、不安に耐え切れずに私は、…あと数段を残す場所で足を、止めてしまう。",
			NULL, "The fear felt like it was crushing my entire body. Unable to handle the anxiety, I... stopped in place with only a few steps left to go.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rそれは、私の後ろを少しだけ離れて、ついてきている。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それは、私の後ろを少しだけ離れて、ついてきている。",
			NULL, "It was right behind me, following me.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r無言のまま、…ただ、かすかな息遣いを潜ませて、すぐ後ろにいる。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "無言のまま、…ただ、かすかな息遣いを潜ませて、すぐ後ろにいる。",

> 			NULL, "It stayed silent... however, I sensed it behind me, holding its faint breath.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "It remained silent... but I still sensed it behind me, holding its faint breath.", Line_Normal);
```

//r振り向いても、無意味だ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "振り向いても、無意味だ。",

> 			NULL, "It's pointless to do so.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "It's pointless.", Line_Normal);
```

//r私はその首をほんの少し、肩を開きながら振り返るだけで、楽になれるの。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "私はその首をほんの少し、肩を開きながら振り返るだけで、楽になれるの。",

> 			NULL, "Just I turn your neck and look behind you. Then you'll feel much better.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Just turn your head and look behind you. Then you'll feel much better.", Line_Normal);
```

//rはっ、と我に返ると、私はそのひとつに駆け寄って肩をさする。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "はっ、と我に返ると、私はそのひとつに駆け寄って肩をさする。",

> 			NULL, "Returning to my senses, I ran over to one of them and touched their shoulder.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Coming back to my senses, I ran over to one of them and touched their shoulder.", Line_Normal);
```
